Hi, I'm Breanna Saulnier.
I'm, grade six to eight FI math teacher,
as well as a vice principal of Port Elgin
Regional School here in New Brunswick.
So I'm going to talk to you a little bit
about how
we have created a Microsoft teams site
in order
to be kind of our source of the truth
and a means of communication.
This became light to due to the fact
that we've had surveys
sent out to the staff
at the end of the year,
asking us as leaders to improve
our communication styles
and methods and resources.
So we thought, let's create
one place where, these documents
or conversations
or data pieces can be housed.
Teachers, any A's, all have access to it.
Minding confidentially clauses
and all that.
And then they can use it
to fit their needs, whether it is
to increase
their, knowledge in a subject area
in order to access social emotional
resources, in order to create a succession
plan amongst staff members
as our staffs are always changing.
You have a teacher leave.
They were the person that plan
great banquet or field day.
Another gone. What do we do?
So we've been housing
all these resources on there.
It's also allowing us
to build some teacher efficacy
not only in I'm a grade eight teacher.
I need access to resources in grade one
because I have students
all across the board in my room
in math from 1 to 8.
I'm definitely not an expert in elementary
math.
I have great colleagues down at the other
end of our building that do.
How do I get access
to their awesome resources?
Implement it for my student in need?
So we're developing that along
our journey.
I'd say 5 to 8
when we're using it as a PLC hub
where we are creating documents
like building them together.
So it's not one person
typing on the screen.
Everybody's watching.
People are pulling for the curriculum.
They're pulling from resource links.
They're pulling in different areas
to create this,
hub of access,
whether it's for whatever need you need it
to be in our earlier years, K to four,
we're starting to use it more in the field
trip area.
We have some teachers
that are building some tools
or organizational things
for their classroom
that could be used in kindergarten
to grade eight.
And their next steps are to increase
that academic input on their end.
And one of our biggest achievements,
I think, for this is that
we now know, oh, if I need something
I'm going to go check there first.
It's limiting the amount of looking for.
I'm not sure where I put this.
Access to different tools.
Our school code of conduct.
The latest version is up there.
Somebody thinks we should change
something.
You flag it in the document
when we bring it up,
the next time, it's there to discuss.
So it's a live working platform
that has created open, honest dialog.
If you're choosing to implement this,
however,
there's, one piece I would recommend,
taking time to figure out
is what is your main focus
for this tool in your building?
Because when you create a Microsoft teams,
there will be 4 or 5 different options.
If you're looking to have a turn
in section
where teachers can put their newsletters
as an administrator,
I'm not looking through 20 different
emails, 100 different emails.
It's all right there in that drop box.
Teachers
are then responsible to upload it there.
It's creating a system within itself
in order to also alleviate
a little bit of the burden and that influx
in emails that are never ending.
So other things we also use this
Microsoft Teams
for is housing house school data.
We have a team member
who's created, classroom profile.
Sheet where
how many students you have Plps.
Where are they in regards to eg
where are they in regards to math facts?
This can be uploaded there.
K to eight. It's one document.
So I know from year 1 to 2 to 3
to 4 how the students are progressing
the report cards.
Great. It's a great snapshot.
But if I'm looking at the specifics,
this has really allowed us to hone in
and focus
on what each child's next steps would be.
Another thing I would recommend
is if you are going to implement
this is making use of the Pin feature.
So if there's a document
you use all the time, for example,
or 5 to 18 would be our team PLC minutes.
We have that pin to the top.
So it's an easy click.
The minute you're in that team and
everything is right there that you need,
you don't need to go through all the files
and figure out where the document is.
Those every day,
every week uses are up there at the top.
Easy to use.
Good.
Thank you.
Yeah. Good.
Okay. Yeah.
There were no wasted sentences.
There was not repeated things.
Okay.
You had all the things
that you were talking to you about. Yeah.
You made the distinction between the team
and teams like Microsoft Teams.
Yes.
You talked about your professional rigor.
You know, the collaboration part of it.
Yeah. Supporting each other. Next steps.
What it looks like. Yep.
I think that's it. Yeah, yeah.
And I think
you should feel good about that.
Okay. Thank you.
And I think, honestly, it's
just from playing with it, right?
Like.
So our next steps
would be to take some more time
with the K to 14,
figure out their purpose for it.
Our 5 to 8 team needs to really increase
the rigor of using this tool.
We're doing it very well in relation
to our project based learning blocks.
We may not been doing it as well
in areas for differentiation, for example.
So there might be great tools out there
that can be used across the board,
different areas, but we're not using it
as a means to support
specific needs of students. Yet.
That's one of our areas of growth
and focus for the upcoming school year.
Next year.